7 Oct 2014The Deputy Minister of Communications, Stella Ndabeni-Abrahams will on Wednesday, 8 October 2014 host Digital Day in partnership with Mxit. The Department of Communications (formerly GCIS) has joined a host of brands and organisations by launching The SA Government Application on Mxit. The South African mobile social network with millions of active users enables government to dynamically engage young South Africans in a chat-centric way that is applicable to them. Earlier this year, GCIS launched the SA Government application which was downloaded by over 130 000 subscribers in the first week. The Department of Transport also has a Mxit application which to date has over 120 000 subscribers. This event which takes place during Transport Month, seeks to showcase the various applications on Mxit especially SA Government and the Department of Transport. The event will also include a live chat on Mxit which will provide an opportunity for Deputy Minister Ndabeni-Abrahams to engage with approximately 500 000 users on the two government applications.The event will take place at the Department of Communications head office, Tshedimosetso House, Hatfield, Pretoria. Members of the media are invited to attend the event as follows:Media programme 09h00 Arrival and Registration 10h00 Showcase of SA Government App 10h30 - Showcase of Department of Transport App 11h00 - Mxit live chat with the Deputy Minister 11h30 Address by Deputy Minister of CommunicationsMedia RSVPs should be directed to Ireen Magwai on email: Ireen@gcis.gov.za or cell phone: 072 822 5869. The Department of Communications will also host ongoing live conversations with young people about government programmes, thereby allowing decision makers and officials to respond to the questions, suggestions and concerns of young South Africans. The application can be found on the Mxit App store by searching for SA Government . Mxit is a South African mobile social network with about 4.9 million monthly active users.Enquiries: Nthabeleng Mokitimi Cell: 081 308 0193Issued by Department of Communications